gtkam works mostly correctly, too, here are some bugs/suggestions:

During a gtkam session on a remote X server, one gets a lot of

(gtkam:14632): Gtk-CRITICAL **: file ../../gtk/gtktreemodel.c: line 1096 
(gtk_tree_model_row_changed): assertion `path != NULL' failed

on the console from where one started it.

Displaying thumbnails and images, browsing on the camera's card, 
downloading photos works as before.

PC-controlled photography changed: Before I could not adjust the zoom 
with the "Preferences" dialog, now I can do so, but gtkam freezes after 
the "Apply" button was clicked. I had to kill and restart it and then I 
could take the photo with the new zoom setting, but after closing the 
dialog for taking the photo gtkam was not able to read the camera's card 
any more, so that I had to restart it again. I didn't need to turn off 
and turn on the camera, restarting gtkam was enough.

Then there is a new built-in photo viewer. When it opens, it shows the 
gtkam icon at the left and the photo at the right. Only the photo is 
shown so small that it would fit around nine times into the icon (the 
initial window is only a bit bigger than the icon. Here it would be 
better to have an initial window size of for example 640x480 pixels, 
then the window fits on every screen and the user can see the picture. 
The gtkam icon should better even appear in the title bar (as in the 
main window) and not in the main area of the window. The "EOG Image 
Viewer" opens also a much too small (stamp-sized) window.

When one turns off the camera in the middle of the gtkam session and 
turns it on again, one cannot read from the camera any more, one has to 
restart gtkam. I told about this already at the previous release.

*** Progress bars ***

Till: For downloading the thumbnails it would be nice to have a progress bar, 
as the download of 40 photos takes already a certain time. Also having a 
progress bar for the image download on right-click and "View with" would 
be nice.

Lutz: Some camera drivers don't support reentrancy. Therefore, we can/should not call other functions from within idle functions.
